Oh RJ thank you for being patient all
right so we got your HIV test that Ana
came back
nonreactive which means your negative
really really crap yeah sure yeah yeah
and like I said that's the good news
okay what about it being a false
negative potentially I mean there is an
incubation time then sometimes it
doesn't show up on test for a few months
but it's still the chance is what you're
saying so what if you like started
treatment now that just so we can get
like ahead of everything keep it in
check
no no I think what's this you in the
tester right for right now
soon you're healthy okay put a my
because I'm thinking if it's not HIV
like it might be one of the cancers
how many symptoms and you definitely
don't have any tumors and that's a
necessity with diagnosing cancer I guess
it would be I'm sorry it's just like
lately like I've been really lethargic
like more sort of normal night sweats
you know what those are
like I've been having those like loss of
appetite and my memory I mean it was on
women D and I'm thinking like like
Alzheimer's came out but oh aren't you
here 31 yeah
you don't have Alzheimer's are you sure
Wow um what about like have you thought
about glaucoma
then there's Hep C yeah as Crohn's
disease definitely not all right it's MS
which I'm pretty sure is short for some
but it is and you don't have it I don't
okay fibromyalgia rheumatoid rheumatoid
arthritis it's a tough loss it is tough
you're okay lupus yeah Parkinson's okay
RJ yeah I think Rinna know Parkinson's
I'm sorry but didn't you take an oath
that's it like the patience always right
you don't think that's what they
hypocrite
fuck you second that was just that my
Tourette's flaring up that's been
happening a lot lately I just been
saying I sake
okay RJ I'm sorry but I you do not and
they near the approved medical
conditions to get medicinal marijuana
that's a pretty big leap at normal I
thought I was going to that because you
wrote the top here diseases I need to
have to get legal weed weed I didn't
hear I can see where you got that from
yeah
no before you leave I do want to let you
know your cholesterol numbers are
getting up there okay so you might want
to lay off the late-night binging oh do
you think that maybe that's like a
symptom of like you just don't eat a lot
you know
wish I could say general pain you have a
good day
are you gonna need weed what
no really I just thought because of her
you know that but you don't know you
shouldn't think about it Rowan nothing
push each and every day
twisted perfectly in a black in my every
way you know my money green you know my
mother
perfect